#summary Record of changes made to FBA-RR since v0.0.0.

*v0.0.4.01* ,,(2009-11-17),,
  * Disabled unused RAM Watch accelerators, which were opening a dialog every time the R key was pressed.
  * Reverted to the old Pause behavior.
  * The screen is now automatically refreshed when emulation is paused. This makes some Lua scripts, such as FatRatKnight's "Multi-track rerecording", work better with gui.register.
  * Added "Haunted Castle" driver to the release build.
  * Fixed the input for player 4 in the TMNT driver.
  * Fixed the Lua function joypad.set().

*v0.0.4* ,,(2009-11-13),,
  * Updated core to FB Alpha v0.2.97.07.
  * Added Lua scripting.
  * Added RAM Search of FBA Shuffle (which unfortunately just crashes in most games).
  * Added the old RAM Watch of PCSX-RR.
  * Added many new hotkeys and better handling of them.
  * Fixed some desyncs that were caused when loading existing NV-RAM files. These files are now ignored.
  * Fixed "everything causes frame advancing".
  * Other minor fixes and changes here and there.

*v0.0.3.03* ,,(2009-07-07),,
  * Bugfix: couldn't save/load current state during movie playback/recording.
  * Bugfix: default filename for AVI files was a single letter; now it's the loaded ROM name.

*v0.0.3.02* ,,(2009-06-08),,
  * Bugfix: custom input config was not loaded.

*v0.0.3.01* ,,(2009-06-02),,
  * I forgot to re-arrange menu items in v0.0.3, that's been fixed now.
  * Added configurable hotkeys.
  * FBA-RR won't unpause automatically anymore after the DIP switches config or a movie start.

*v0.0.3* ,,(2009-06-01),,
  * Quick update to FB Alpha v0.2.97.06.
  * Reverted some changes from v0.0.2, mainly menu and skin related.

*v0.0.2* ,,(2008-09-15),,
  * Added shortcut keys to some of the menus and dialogs.
  * Fixed various crashes in movie functions (hopefully).
  * Record/replay dialogs are accessible without a rom loaded, and will load a rom as needed.
  * Input mapper recalls mapped inputs.
  * SRAM is no longer loaded on playback (and thus no longer causes desyncs).
  * Read-only is enabled by default.
  * Frameskip is disabled by default.
  * Movie replay dialog selects "browse" when there are no movies; not a null entry.
  * Emulation speed is properly reset on rom load.
  * Temp fix to prevent crashes when changing emulation speed.
  * You may no longer attempt to save/load a savestate when no rom is open.
  * More minutiae than is reasonable to list.

*v0.0.1* ,,(2008-08-31),,
  * "Start recording from power-on" option.
  * Read-only toggle.
  * New hotkeys mapping.
  * Frame counter shows total movie frames.
  * Screen redraws after loading a savestate, even if emulation is paused.
  * Screen updates after showing a message, even if emulation is paused.
  * Pause automatically at last frame of playback to prevent movie end.
  * Emulation isn't automatically paused anymore *after* the movie ends.
  * New "replay stopped" message.

*v0.0.0* ,,(2008-08-28),,
  * Ported blip's patch to v0.2.96.94.